Hey there fellow students in the last video of Sylhet to get Prometa which Fentress the profer information
for users in this video we're be setting up the profile component which displays our Profar information.
Let's start opening up how shall we know insight or angular Amazonas directory and then tapping in and
regenerate Polan profile hit enter.
Now we were in the search.
I mean most Now now let's open up our text editor open app routing Mungiu
here.
It's important our profile component and declare insight the rosary as a route.
Now let's open up our service
out of service.
First check if the user is locked in if the user is locked in allows access to the profile and block
access to the lock in the register page.
If the user is not logged in you will block access to routes the staff profile and allow access to the
lock in a register page.
Now let's open up Profar component
here.
It's important that our service and declared Incyte constructor as a parameter.
Now open a profile component.
How
Here create created a profile section which contains a container that contains the hitting text my profile
load a hash are tech create a loading spinner that will be shown when it uses data as an loaded
load a loading spinner.
You've created a diff to only be shown when you use data has been loaded inside it.
We have a column that displays the user profile picture
below the image column.
We've created a column which displays the user's name next to orders account settings and shipping address
at a dash here.
And then you change this to one data user to still exist here.
It created a diff to only be displayed if the user is a seller inside it.
We've created links to the post product page and my products page.
Now let's open up profile component as soon as
here.
We've set a font to set up the users name to RTM.
Now let's open up Stout's s
here.
All had fifes have all flow rep were applied to them and the class image is used to store images.
In this video you've set up the profile component and in the next video you set up the profile settings
page.